Update searching-for-and-choosing-packages-to-download.mdx (#1453)
npm/documentation: content/packages-and-modules/getting-packages-from-the-registry/searching-for-and-choosing-packages-to-download.mdx

  - /getting-started/searching-for-packages
---

> You can use the npm search bar to locate packages for your projects. The search function leverages information from a package's title, description, readme, and keywords, powered by OpenSearch. Results are displayed based on keyword matching from these fields, without subjective ranking criteria. However, adjustments are applied to deprioritise spammy or recently published packages to ensure search neutrality. Please note that newly published packages may take up to one-two week to appear in the search results. Additionally, deprecated packages are excluded from the search results to enhance the user experience.

Reviewer: The original idea is appending this paragraph mentioning how long it takes for packages to show up in the search results. I'd keep the modification simplified with the intent. E.g.:

```suggestion
You can use the npm search bar to find packages to use in your projects. The search is performed using content from the package's title, description, readme, and keywords and is powered by [opensearch](https://opensearch.org/). Search results are displayed based on keyword matching from the package's title, description, readme, and keywords. No subjective ranking criteria are applied, except for a minimal boost to deprioritize spammy or entirely new packages, aiming to maintain a neutral stance towards all other packages.

Please note that newly published packages may take up to one-two week to appear in the search results. Additionally, deprecated packages are excluded from the search results to enhance the user experience.
```

Here I'm just restoring the original paragraph, and adding a second paragraph with the proposed addition. The suggestion diff seems confusing because it is compared to the PR's text.

You can use the npm search bar to find packages to use in your projects. The search is performed using content from the package's title, description, readme, and keywords and is powered by [opensearch](https://opensearch.org/). Search results are displayed based on keyword matching from the package's title, description, readme, and keywords. No subjective ranking criteria are applied, except for a minimal boost to deprioritize spammy or entirely new packages, aiming to maintain a neutral stance towards all other packages.

> Please note that newly published packages may take up to one-two week to appear in the search results. Additionally, deprecated packages are excluded from the search results to enhance the user experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note that newly published packages may take up to two weeks to appear in the search results. Additionally, deprecated packages are excluded from the search results to enhance the user experience.
```

   <Screenshot src="/packages-and-modules/getting-packages-from-the-registry/search-sort-options.png" alt="Screenshot of the search Sort by dropdown featuring sorting options" />

3. In the package search results list, click the name of the package.

> 4. The package homepage also displays provenance information when available. For details on how to verify this, check [viewing package provenance](/viewing-package-provenance)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Package provenance

The package homepage also displays provenance information when available. For details on how to verify this information, check [viewing package provenance](/viewing-package-provenance).
```

Here I moved the text out of the search instructions and kept the title markup to preserve links to the page. I also added a missing paragraph character `.` at the end.
